interesting
okay
i meant to start it in about like 60
seconds but here we go can you see me
can you hear me we're
messing with some stuff today and on top
of that i think youtube might be having
a moment
so
we are we are reading this entire stream
with fingers crossed
and i've had to do some different things
with audio so please oh let me let me
bring it closer uh yeah please tell me
see me hear me if
i will try to keep a closer eye on chat
than um i normally do as i'm reading
just in case
anything happens
um
because there's just some wonky stuff
going on today
but for now i
if i had been able to um start the
stream in a couple of minutes and not
when i did the thing i don't know why it
automatically went i would have eddie
but i don't
so
i am without
i am without uh
water for this stream
it's been a chaotic past 45 minutes let
me tell you
but honestly what is this live stream if
it is not pure chaos at this point
um
anyway
i am britney i am minus an eddie but i
am still britney and welcome to gay
watch this is a book reaction stream for
volume two of modal zouche i have seen
the untamed but i have never read any
version of the book so the book is new
but i've seen the show um and it's i so
it's a it's a reading reaction it's not
any kind of audiobook experience it's
not any kind of professional
or asmr-ish
type of thing it's just reading and
freaking out about what i'm reading
as i'm reading it
and um
we are on
[Music]
if it gets yeah if it gets to where i'm
just hacking up a lung
then i will
i will i will run i will run and go grab
eddie i'm pretty sure i know where he is
that's the question isn't it
i'm pretty sure it'd be just a quick run
but uh for right now i'm okay
but if i really need to i will run and
go get it uh we are
at page
45.
this is that lovely and riveting section
of the live stream because i never
remember to do it
i never remember to actually find the
specific place before i start the stream
because that would be efficient
and you know require executive function
which i
don't have
we were at the top of 244
there we go once the two were seated we
were at the top of 244 because the
banquet's about to start
oh and we're actually
we are just shy of um
100 pages of the last hundred pages
so actually if i wanted to go a little
bit long today
and a little bit long time tomorrow and
a little bit long on uh
thursday
we might be able to finish it
on thursday maybe
we'll see we'll see
we'll see
um
any type of because now is when i give
everybody just a couple of minutes to
get the notification and get into
the stream before we actually start
in terms of announcements it was my
birthday two days ago and the discord
the gay watch discord made me feel very
loved when i told them that i just got a
ton
of birthday messages and i actually even
got
a good amount the day after so i got a i
got a nice amount of belated birthday
messages as well
and um they were all like just super
lovely and wonderful and so many gifts
there are so many birthday related gifts
that were
fantastic
let me see
if the stream is doing anything weird to
me
which it says it's doing something weird
but i'm getting no other weirdness
anywhere
so we're gonna close that because i
think it may have
gotten a little bit paranoid
yes thank you for all the
happy birthdays i see them all
ye it was a good birthday too
i went to lunch and played a game with
the wife that i've been wanting her to
see for a very long time because
it's an excellent game but it's also an
excellent game that
the wife specifically
would adore if she would just see it but
she is not much of a gamer and she's a
very specific type of gamer
and this kind of
falls a little bit outside her purview
um
oh the game is um cana bridge of spirits
if you are at all gaming inclined you
have to play
cana bridge of spirits it's even related
to this channel
because of all the stories that it goes
through
one of them is saffic
so there is actual gay in canaa bridge
of spirits
it's also just one of the best games
i've ever played
just period
um let's see outside of the birthday i
hit 6k today or yesterday
sometime i think in the early morning of
technically today
um i've been 6k didn't have time to
celebrate for 4k and 5k happened too
soon to really get anything in place for
that and ditto 6k
it's a really nice problem to have but
now i'm starting to feel like an
ungrateful youtuber
because i haven't had the time
to
make really
make and do anything special
for these milestones that really do
matter to me and i haven't been able to
show that yet i'll figure something out
when i have about two seconds to breathe
it would be nice
but we did hit 6k
today and it's
pretty nuts
it's kind of fantastic i'm also within
reach of like 800 patrons on patreon
i expect that number to be kind of soft
because kin porsche is so popular
and
i made it this way so it's fine and
people can just kind of hop on the
lowest tier for like a specific show
and then hop off which is totally fine
so but even if it's even if that's a
soft number
after everyone who was only there for
ken porsche bales it'll still be like
way higher than i thought i would ever
reach so
we're we're growing we're in our we're
in our growth era
huh what time is it okay
so we're at the top of 244
and the banquet is about to
begin
um
did i have anything
do we no
[Music]
no okay we're in um
chapter 10 which is called the beguiling
boy
and what's funny is that that could
reference
a couple of different characters
in this show
but i'm kind of low-key hoping that was
a
that's a mongeau reference
possibly
i feel like that would be apt
especially considering the points we're
getting at in
the in the present day story
anyway top of 244
i'm going to
lower the mic and push it back just a
little bit so i'm not whacking it with
the book
and i'm going to click this away so i'm
not seeing my face
but i'm still seeing stream information
that is terribly important
oh no did pretty boy pass in the
background he's yeah dressed in a pretty
boy or just
to my left over here
sitting on my nightstand that's in front
of a window but i'm sure
he made an entrance
he pulls focus he's he's pretty like
that
alrighty oh god no wait no no no we have
to have these we have to have these
pushed up because otherwise that's just
that's just weird i don't know why
i don't know why
okay
once the two were seated the banquet
formally began
seated directly below them was jin ling
his head held high and chest puffed out
when his eyes landed on way we shan he
glared vehemently at him we were saying
used to being a spectacle
yeah
like
if he was getting a character
introduction and like some cheesy 80s
movie and it fl any like he saw like he
turns around and there's a freeze frame
and then you see his name on the screen
and then like little subtitle about him
that's that would be
that would be the descriptor way wushan
used to being a spectacle
weibushan used to being a spectacle
didn't appear the slightest bit
flustered
between the merry clinking of wine cups
and conversation he ate and drank as he
should and while he was and while he was
at it listened to the praises being sung
all over pageantry hall
an excellent event indeed
it was evening when the banquet finally
ended the symposium didn't formally
begin until the next day and the crowd
made their way out of pageantry hall in
groups of twos and threes as the sec
disciples guided the clan leaders and
distinguished cultivators to their guest
houses
len chichen
a moment for my husband lanchy chen
still appeared weighed down by his
thoughts and jinguan yao seemed to want
to ask him what was wrong he approached
him but had only just managed to call
out erga when someone else came charging
over with a heart-rending whale
sangha
jing going out almost stumbled backward
as he was tackled hastily taking hold of
his cap to keep it on to keep it upon
his head he asked what's wrong hassan if
something's the matter use your words
such an undignified family had could
only be the head shaker of the knee clan
of ching yeah even better a drunk head
shaker
ni hua song's face was bright red and he
refused to let go of jinguan yao
oh sango what should i do can't you help
me just this one last time i promise
it'll be just this one last time
didn't i already arranged to have that
last incident resolved jingoing asked
the last incident got resolved but now
there's new problems new song wailed
sanger what should i do i don't want to
live anymore
seeing how incoherent he was jen going
out could only say
asu why don't you head back first
huasang walk this way let's find a place
to sit down and talk don't be so anxious
he helped me nihuasang out the door lan
chichen who had also gone to see what
was happening was consequently seized
along the way by the drunken disaster
that was nihwasang
courteous bode bowed courteously to lan
huangji
hang on june it seems you have not
attended symposiums at landling for many
years please do forgive us should there
be any inadequacies in our hospitality
her voice was sweet and meek truly a
beauty who inspired the tenderest of
affections
len wang-ji nodded to return the
courtesy kinshu's eyes landed on way
with shan
after a moment of hesitation she said
softly then please excuse me and left
with her maids
way wishing was confused
everyone in the golden carp tower looks
at me so weirdly huh what exactly did
moshuan you do
confess his love buck naked what's so
special about that the people of the
jing clan have seen too little of the
world's vast oddities
when wang ji listened to him chatter
away postulating nonsense and shook his
head
i'm gonna go find someone to wheedle
info out of way wishing continued hang
on june keep an eye on jiang chung for
me if he doesn't come to find if he
doesn't come find me great if he does
help me stop him
do not go too far was all lan wong ji
asked of him
sure waywu shane replied if i go too far
then we'll meet in the bedroom at night
that was no preparing for that one just
clear out of nowhere just
hit by a bus
his eyes searched pageantry hall inside
and out but he didn't see the one he
wanted that's weird he thought to
himself after leaving lenwang g's side
he searched the grounds
as he passed by a gazebo someone
suddenly emerged from one of the
garden's rock formations hey
ha found you way wishing thought as he
turned around
he whined softly and with deliberate
petulance what do you mean hey so rude
weren't we so chummy when we last parted
so heartless now that we've reunited i'm
heartbroken
jingling sprouted goosebumps all over
his body shut up right now who's all
chubby with you didn't i already warn
you not to bother our families why are
you back
heaven be my witness i've been following
han wong jun properly not a toe out of
line i was this close to having him
to having him physically tie me to him
which of your eyes saw me bothering your
family or bothering your uncle clearly
he's the one bothering me okay
jin ling flew into a rage get out of
here that was my uncle being suspicious
of you enough with your nonsense don't
think i don't know you still haven't
given up on
just then there was shouting from all
around
seven or eight boys dressed in the gin
clan uniform suddenly leapt from the
garden and gentling abruptly stopped
the boys slowly encircled them the one
leading them was around ginling's age
but much beefier and here i thought i
was mistaken it really is him
way washand put it at himself me
who else that boy spat moshuan you i
can't believe you have the face to
return
jin ling's brow creased
jin-chan what are you doing you've no
business here
oh i see this is probably a kiddo from
the same generation as jin ling where
shan thought and by the look of things
they don't get along
i have no business here what do you have
got a little too incensed what do you
have business here
what do you care what i do
several boys were already making a move
while they spoke looking like they were
going to pinway wu shin town
jinling shifted and stood in front of
way wushan stop messing around
what do you mean messing around so what
if i want to teach our misbehaving sex
disciple a little lesson jin chen argued
jin ling humped wake up he's already
been booted out the door he's not our
clan sex disciple anymore so what
jinshan demanded demanded
the that so what was uttered so
confidently that weiwu shen was stunned
jindling rebutted so what did you forget
who he came with today if you plan on
teaching him a lesson why don't you go
ask hang one jun for permission
that made me really happy as soon as the
name heng won jun was dropped all the
boys grew apprehensive
even if lan wang ji wasn't present none
of them were arrogant enough to proclaim
i'm not afraid of hang won june
they held back for a moment and then jin
chan sneered
jin ling don't you you didn't you used
to hate him why the change of attitude
today
why do you talk so much what's this got
to do with you jin ling said
that guy shamelessly harassed lan fang
joon and yet you're taking his side
it was as if wei wushan had been struck
by lightning
he harassed who
langfen jun
leng farmjoon who
jin guan yao
he had never imagined that the one
moshuan you harassed was
while he struggled to wrap his head
around this jin-chan and gently
exchanged heated words until they were
raising fists to exchange instead
neither of them could stand the other so
this was all it took to make them flare
up
ginling yelled if you want to throw
hands let's go like i'm scared of you
another boy yelled come on then the only
thing he knows how to do in a fight is
call his dog to help oh
oh
[Music]
i know he's like a nameless another boy
but
ouch
damn
jin ling was just about to whistle but
when he heard this he forcibly bit down
on his tongue he roared i can beat you
all with my bare hands even if i don't
call fairy
despite the gusto with which he shouted
that he was outnumbered it seemed his
skill fell short of the mark too for it
wasn't long until he was forcibly beaten
back to weiwi shan's side
ginling was furious seeing him still
hanging around
what are you still standing there for
way wishing suddenly grabbed one of his
hands jin ling didn't have time to yell
before he felt an overpowering force on
his wrist he couldn't help but fall to
his knees and topple over he yelled in
anger you looking to die
jin chan and his little friends were all
startled to a stop at the sight of wei
wushan bringing jin lean to the ground
considering jin ling had been shielding
him
however weiwu shan simply asked him you
get it
jingling was also startled what
we wishing twisted his wrist again have
you learned
ginling felt a wave of numbing pain
coming from his wrist through his entire
body he yelled again but that incredibly
swift and incredibly minor action stuck
in his mind
one more time
we can instruct it again watch closely
conveniently another boy came rushing at
them just then with one hand behind his
back way wishing caught the boy's wrist
with deadly accuracy in the space of a
breath he'd laid that boy out on the
ground
jingling had seen everything clearly
this time and the vaguely throbbing
place on his wrist told him which accu
point to voice to force a burst of
spiritual energy into he leapt to his
feet in high spirits
i got it
the tables turned in an instant before
long the garden resounded with boys
yelling and shouting in frustration and
anger finally jin cheng cried chin ling
just you wait
the group of boys fled in defeat cursing
as they ran ginling laughed maniacally
behind them once he seemed to be done
weibushan spoke up
look at you so happy first time winning
ba jin spat i always win one-on-one
fights but that jin-chan always comes
along with a bunch of helpers utterly
shameless
way wishing was just about to comment
that he could find a bunch of people to
come help him too
there were no rules saying these
scuffles had to be one-on-one sometimes
it really did come down to who had more
hands at their disposal but he stopped
himself from voicing the thought
in the many times he'd seen jin ling go
out he'd done so alone without any clan
juniors of the same age he probably had
no helpers he could call upon in the
first place
hey where did you learn that move
jindling asked where we shan dumped the
blame directly in lan wong ji's lap
without a shred of guilt
penguin jun taught me
jin ling didn't question this in the
least since he had already seen len wong
ju's forehead ribbon tied around way
wushan's wrists all he did was grumble
he taught you this kind of thing too
why not weibuchan said but this is just
a little trick it was effective because
it was your first time using it and
they've never seen it before if you use
it too much they'll figure it out and it
won't be so easy next time how about it
want to learn a few more moves with me
jin ling gave him a look and said
inspired himself why are you like this
my little uncle has always tried to
advise me but you're trying to incite me
i mean
that
j alone
just speaks volumes about both way busan
and zhang chung
advise you way wishing asked advise you
to what to not fight and get along with
people
pretty much jindling admitted
don't listen to him
way wooshan said
let me tell you once you're older you'll
discover that there are so many people
out there you still want to beat up but
you'll have to force yourself to get
along with them so hit whoever you want
to to your heart's content while you're
still young if you don't get into at
least a few spectacular brawls your life
will be incomplete
coming from [__] wei wuchen
everybody
like
i cannot
i cannot believe
he has learned so much and so little
i i oh god
there seemed to be some yearning on
jindling's face but he still sounded
disdainful
what nonsense are you spewing my little
uncle is always thinking of my best
interests
jingling suddenly recalled that moshuan
you had regarded jin going out as a god
in the past he would never have claimed
the man was wrong about anything but now
he just said don't listen to him
could he really have gotten over his
presumptuous desire
for jinguang yao oh did i get that wrong
little uncle would that be jing wang yao
ah see ya right there in the chat at
least i caught it
i caught it
weirshan could pretty much guess what
jinling was thinking by the look in his
eyes seems like i can't deceive you any
longer he proclaimed directly
that's right i've already moved on
what
we wish continued deeply emotional
in these intervening days i've pondered
deeply and seriously and finally
discovered that lanfeng june is not in
fact my type
and he's not suitable for me either
jin ling backed a couple of steps away
in the past
in the past i didn't know
i can get through this in the past i
didn't know my own heart
but after meeting hang on jun
i'm now certain
way wishing drew in a deep breath and
continued
i cannot leave him anymore i don't want
anyone besides hang won june
wait where are you running off to i'm
not done jin ling jin ling
this is this is dangerously close to
fake dating
now
if not
i mean
it's at least
a venn diagram with fake dating
right
am i wrong
i don't think i'm i don't think i'm
wrong
yeah see unknowingly speaking the truth
because he's oblivious so i feel like i
feel like this falls under
at least some kind of
subclass
of fake dating
jesus christ
we're at page 251 by the way
around the middle
jin ling had turned around and bolted
wade wishand called after him a few
times but the boy didn't turn to look
even once
now he'll no longer suspect i still hold
some sort of unspeakable unspeakable
flame for jinguan yao he thought feeling
pleased with himself yeah but do you
know
what jin ling is gonna do the second he
gets within earshot of anybody
i'm assuming he heard at least the first
part
right
this is
when he turned his head however the
white robes that were like frost and
that man who was like snow stood less
than a dozen meters away
no
you're kidding beneath the moonlight lan
wang ji
gazed
at him
still
and tranquil
was struck speechless
in the days right after his resurrection
he would have said things 10 times as
scandalous to lan wong ji
yet now under that gaze he shockingly
and for the first time sprouted a subtle
sense of shame
one he'd never experienced in two
lifetimes weiwou shan rapidly suppressed
this rare emotion and walked over
completely at ease
hang won jun you're here
did you know moshe and you was actually
driven out of golden carp tower because
he was harassing jingoing yao
no wonder everyone was shooting me
complicated looks
okay listen
listen
i feel like
that
shame
i don't know i'm gonna have to sit on
that for a second somebody write down
page 251
i don't have a pen in my reach
but somebody make a note at the bottom
of 251 i've got to think on that
sudden and striking presence of at least
just a little bit of shame
i've gotta ponder that
len wang ji didn't say anything
he turned around and walked with wae wu
shan
side by side
wei wushan continued
you and zewo jun didn't know about this
and you didn't know moshe i knew at all
it seems the jin clan of landling was
keeping the affair under wraps from
beginning to end it makes sense the sec
leader's blood flows in moshe and you
after all if jinguang shan didn't want
this son of his he would have brought
him back if all he was doing was
harassing his peers moshe knew should
have been disciplined at most it
wouldn't have warranted expulsion
but if the one he harassed was jinguan
yao then that's different this was not
simply len function this was also moshwa
news brother from another mother truly
what
truly what a wholly unseemly affair one
that simply had to be cut at the roots
and lanfeng jung would never be the one
cut out of course so moshian you had to
go
that last part was not dialogue
it just trailed into his thoughts
way washen recalled how jing guan yao
had looked as though nothing was the
matter when they first came face to face
at the square
the way he laughed and joked like he
didn't recognize moshe on you at all
that man
really is quite something
it's even italicized
that man really is quite something
jin ling however couldn't hide how he
felt he particularly detested moshe on
you not just because he detested cut
sleeves but because the one moshwan you
was harassing was his own little uncle
having thought of jin ling weiwuchen
soundlessly heaved a sigh
what is the matter len wong she asked
hang on jun have you noticed that every
time jingling goes out to a night hunt
he's always on his own wait washen asked
don't tell me that zheng chun goes with
him his uncle doesn't count
he's in his teens but i can't believe he
doesn't have anyone his age attending
him any retinues escort escorting him
when we were younger
and then wenge's brow arch just slightly
on seeing this way we shane
changed his tune oh my god
all right fine me when i was younger it
wasn't like that for me when i was
younger
did lan wong ji just like
uh take offense to being referred to
to being implied that he was now older
does he have a thing about age
am i reading that correctly
there shouldn't be another ongoing live
stream right now
by the way i just happened to glance
over at your question dee
there might be though youtube has been
sticking around with some things if
there is it should be unlisted because i
was trying to test some things out
oh great
ah
more like i was also alone speak for
yourself anastasia no thank you
that makes sense
len wong ji replied impassively
that was you not everyone is as you were
but all children love excitement they
like crowds you know way wishing said
hang one jun what do you think could jin
ling be particularly unsociable does he
not have a single friend in the clan
i don't know about the jiang the jang
clan of young mung but i don't think any
juniors in the jin clan get along with
him they even had a fight earlier does
jin going yao not have a son or a
daughter his age who's close to him
i love all children love excitement they
like crowds you know i'm like
man tell me you're an extrovert without
telling me you're an extrovert
well then wang ji replied jinguen once
had a son he was murdered at a young age
wait shan was amazed that was the little
young master of golden carp tower who
could have harmed him
it was due to the watchtowers lan wong
ji explained what do you mean weibo shan
asked
as it turned out back when jinguan yao
was first constructing the watchtowers
he'd faced considerable opposition he'd
also offended some clans in the process
among them was a clan leader who lost
both an argument and his senses leading
him to kill the only son of jin going
yao and and his wife jin soo
their son was docile in character and
dearly loved by his parents
in his grief and fury jinguan yao
uprooted that entire clan to avenge his
son
but shinsu was heartbroken and ever
since then she had been unable to bear
another child
interesting
several things
they were quiet for a moment then way
wishing continued the temper of jin
ling's the moment he opens his mouth he
offends people every action he takes
kicks a hornet's nest
if it wasn't for you and i protecting
him these past few occasions how would
he even be alive zhang chen doesn't know
how to raise kids at all and as for
jinguang yao
doesn't know how to raise kids at all
takes on a particular meaning
when you're aware of certain things
rumor remembering
remembering why they'd come to golden
carp tower
he felt his head throb and rubbed his
temples then wang xi had been watching
quietly beside him he offered no words
of consolation but he listened all the
while and answered every question posed
to him
let's stop talking about this way wuchan
decided let's go back to our room first
the two returned to the guest house that
the jin clan of lan ling had arranged
for them the room was exceptionally
spacious and sumptuous and even had a
set of exquisite white porcelain wine
cups
we wishing sat down and admired these he
fondled the set playing around with him
for a while
it wasn't until the middle of the night
that he took action
he rummaged through the chests and
drawers found a stack of white paper and
a pair of scissors and then cut out a
paper doll in no time
this paper effigy was only about the
size of a grown man's finger it had a
round head and sleeves cut to be
abnormally large making them look like
the wings of a butterfly weirshan took a
brush from the table and drew something
before tossing the brush back down he
exchanged it for a cup of wine took a
large swig then put his head back and
lay down on the bed
the paper effigy suddenly jerked then
gave a couple of shakes the two
expensive wing-like sleeves flew up
bringing the light body with it
fluttering as it landed on lan wongji's
shoulder
i love paper man
i don't know i have a soft spot i
couldn't tell you why
len mungee turned his head to the side
to see his own shoulder and the paper
effigy pounced on his cheek at once
climbing the contours of his face until
it reaches the forehead ribbon c
paper man
paper man is the best
it's like
it is
another side
to ushan
something about it
something about it man
it pulled and yanked at that ribbon
as if too fond of it to let go
paper shan
is that what we call it if it's not we
should
that is perfect paper shan yes
len wang ji let the effigy twist around
for a bit before reaching to pluck it
off at the side of this it hastily slid
down with a crinkle whether
intentionally or not its head bumped
against his lips
whether intentionally or not whether
intentionally
or not
she's driving me nuts she's really she's
she's driving me absolutely bonkers
lenwang's views movements faltered for a
moment but he finally caught the paper
paper effigy between two fingers
stop playing around
the effigy bonelessly rolled its body
around his long slender finger hello
please take the utmost care lan wong ji
said
the paper effigy nodded it slapped its
wings then pressed flat to the ground to
crawl under the door and furtively slip
out of the guest house
security at golden carp tower was high
and a full-sized living person obviously
couldn't come and go as they wished
fortunately weiwi shan had studied a
particular kind of black magic known as
the paper cut incarnation
the spell was useful yes but also had
quite a number of restrictions not only
did it come with a strict time limit but
once the paper paper effigy was sent out
it had to return in the same state
without the slightest bit of damage
if it was ripped or damaged in any way
the soul of the caster would sustain the
same degree of injury
the lightest consequence would be losing
consciousness
for a half or a full year
graver consequences might include a
lifetime of stupor
as such it called for the utmost caution
well jesus now i'm stressed
i mean
i guess it's good i've seen the show so
like you know i know but like still
stressful
we can't even have you know adorable
paper shin without this whole like by
the way
and if he so much as stumbles
screwed
lord
while possessing this paper effigy
weiwushan was at times stuck to the
bottom hems of a cultivator's robes at
times flattening himself to slip past
door cracks at times opening his sleeves
and dancing in the night like a
butterfly pretending to be a piece of
waste paper
suddenly still in mid-air he heard the
faint sound of weeping from below he
looked down to see one of jinguan yao's
guest accommodation houses blooming
garden
weiwu shan flew under the eaves and saw
three people sitting in the reception
hall nihuasang had one hand clutching
lanshi-chen while the other gripped
jinguan yao tearfully complaining about
something while still in a drunken
stupor
behind the reception hall was a study
since no one was in here waywu shan went
in to take a look
the table inside was covered with
drawings annotated in red and upon the
walls there hung four paintings of the
four seasons
he wasn't going to examine those at
first but when his eyes swept past he
couldn't help but want to express his
admiration for the artistry
the use of color was infinitely gentle
but the subject still came across as
appropriately vast
it was clearly a singular landscape
illustrated on paper yet it seemed to
span thousands of mountains and rivers
way wishing thought such skill but the
brush could rival lanshi chen's
he took a few more looks despite himself
and it was this that led him to discover
that the artist of these four paintings
was in fact lanshi chen
my man paints
sorry hang on
hang on my man
[__] paints
he's a painter he paints things did i
know this i don't think i knew this
i
am okay that affected me
a normal amount
flying out of blooming garden way with
chancellor grand five ridged palace in
the distance the roof was laid with
luminous golden glazed tiles and outside
it stood
32 golden pillars
a magnificent structure to behold
this had to be one of the most heavily
guarded buildings within golden carp
tower the place where all the family
heads of the gene clan of landling
through the generations slept
fragrance palace
aside from the cultivator guards dressed
in sparks amid snow uniforms way wishing
could sense fragrance palace was densely
covered with array magic from the ground
all the way to the skies
he flew to a plinth carved with high
reliefs of sparks amid snow to rest for
a moment then exerted some strength and
squeezed through the crack of the door
crinkling all the way
unlike blooming garden fragrance palace
was the quintessential golden carp tower
structure a majestic sumptuous edifice
with engraved beans and sculpted columns
inside the sleeping palace were layers
upon layers of gauze curtains draping to
the floor
an incense burner carved in the shape of
an auspicious beast sat atop the incense
table softly diffusing orchid scented
smoke
amidst the extravagance was a lazy
overly sweet sense of decadence
jinguang yao was meeting lanshi chen and
nihuasang and blooming garden there was
no one inside fragrance palace which
just so happened to make it easier for
wayward to investigate the paper effigy
flew hither in thither searching for
anything suspicious
suddenly he spotted a letter underneath
the agate paperweight on the table
this letter had already been opened
there was no name on the envelope nor
was there any seal stamp judging by the
thickness though it was clearly not
empty we shan fluttered his sleeves and
landed by the table curious to see
exactly what was inside
however when his hands caught the edges
of the letter and tried to pull it
outward for all his struggles it didn't
move at all
his current body was a flimsy piece of
paper there was no way he could move
this hefty agate paperweight
paperman way oh my god it calls him
paperman way
i mean paper shan is still the best but
is all kinds of adorable
paperman way circled the agate
paperweight a number of times pushing
and kicking hopping and jumping but
unfortunately it remained immovable
he had no choice but to leave it be and
see if he could find any other areas of
suspicion
just then a side door to the to the
sleeping palace was pushed open a crack
wushan swooped down and pressed himself
against a table leg laying staying still
the one who had entered was chinsu
yeah yeah i figured i figured that's
where we were i mean it's where it's
very show
actually
the sequence itself
is very much the show how did
pages get bent
anyway
it seemed it wasn't that fragrant's
palace was absent of people but rather
that shinsu had been silently present
within an inner chamber
we're at the top of page 258 by the way
um okay coming up on a break
it was perfectly normal for the for the
mistress of golden carp tower to appear
inside fragrance palace however it was
her current appearance that was
extremely abnormal
her face was blanched of all blood and
she wobbled like she had suffered a
heavy blow and had only just woken from
unconsciousness
ready to faint again at any time
what's going on she looked fine earlier
at the banquet hall way ushan thought
shinsu was leaning against the door lost
in thought it was a while before she
slowly moved toward the table supporting
herself against the wall
she stared at the letter under the agate
paperweight and reached out seeming to
want to pick it up but in the end with
drawing
under the lamplight you could see her
lips were quivering uncontrollably what
had once been a dignified beautiful face
was now practically contorted
suddenly she screamed she grabbed that
letter and hurled it to the ground her
other hand clutching the fabric at her
chest shivering
way with chandler lit up on seeing the
letter but suppressed the urge to
immediately fly over he could he he
could handle only chinsu discovering him
but if she screamed and called over
others his soul would be affected by any
damage this paper took
all of a sudden a voice sounded inside
the sleeping palace
asu what are you doing
chinsu whipped her head around and saw a
familiar figure standing just a few
steps behind
the familiar face was smiling at her as
it always did
she immediately threw herself to the
ground and grabbed the letter way wushan
could only stay firmly pressed against
the table leg and watch helplessly as
the letter escaped his line of sight
jinguan yao seemed to have taken another
step closer
what's that in your hand
his voice was gentle and genial like he
hadn't noticed anything amiss i hadn't
noticed the odd letter in shinsu's hands
or her contorted face but was simply
inquiring about something trivial like
bidding her to put on a warmer robe or
have a second helping of a dish
shinsu clutched the letter and didn't
respond
jinguang yao tried again
you don't look well what's wrong
his voice was full of concern
shinsu raised the letter her voice
shuddering as she spoke
i
met with someone
who jing wang yao asked
it was as though chinsu hadn't heard him
and she continued that person told me
some things and gave me this letter
jinguen laughed in spite of himself
just who is it that you saw
and who would
and would you believe anything they tell
you
wouldn't lie to me chinsu insisted
absolutely not
who waywushan wondered he didn't quite
catch the pronoun so he couldn't tell
whether it was a man or a woman
is everything written here true
chinsu demanded
asu if you don't show me the letter how
can i know what's written in it jinguang
you reasoned
fine then take a look
shinsu displayed the letter clutched in
her hands jingoing out took another step
forward to read it his eyes flew past
the lines and finished skimming it in a
flash there was no change in his
expression not even the shadow of a
frown
chinsu however was practically
shrieking
say something speak tell me that it's
not true that it's nothing but lies
it's not true jingoing yao assured her
with conviction
it's nothing but lies absurd false
charges
shinsu burst into tears you're lying
you're still trying to lie to me even
now i don't believe you
jinguang outside asu you're the one who
told me to say these words but when i
say them you refuse to believe me
that makes it really difficult for me
what about that what about what about
that line
screams
infuriating entitled
white guy
like i've realized obviously these are
chinese characters
but
but something about that particular that
makes it really difficult for me like
that's even like you're even
where on earth i can just i can hear
that coming out of some you know
uh
douchebag pseudo-sensitive
you know indie film and music hipster
douchebag boyfriend i may have said
douchebag twice
who prizes for his sensitivity
prizes himself on his sensitivity and
[__]
why does that mean see thank you yes
threw the letter at him then covered her
face
my god my god you really are you really
are terrifying how could you
how
could you
she couldn't continue any further still
holding her face in her hands she
retreated to the side then holding
herself up with a hand placed against a
column she suddenly began to heave
she wretched so heart-rendingly she
seemed she might
throw up her insides
there's a visual
weirwoshen was shocked by the violence
of her reaction
she was probably vomiting in the inner
chamber too earlier too what in the
world is in that letter tales of jinguan
yao killing and dismembering people
[__] hang on
is that
that
that has to be
that has to be a reference
right
it's gotta be
like you can't
that
that's too
i hate her
so [__] much
mxtx
no
but jin going out killed countless
people during the sunshot campaign
everyone knows that and there's no less
blood on shinsu's own father's hands
could this be about moshuan you
no it's impossible that jingoing yao and
moshe and you had anything going on
in fact jinguen was probably the one who
had moshman you thrown out of golden
carp tower no matter what that letter
says her reaction shouldn't be so
extreme as to make her vomit in disgust
that's like kind of delightfully
innocent of you
wushan
although he wasn't well acquainted with
shinsu they had been a few times before
both being descendants of prominent
clans
chinsu with ching kangi's
i'm sure that was a virgin a version of
pronunciation
may not have been the right one a
beloved daughter she was a naive and
innocent woman but she'd been raised in
privilege and had an excellent
upbringing
she had never exhibited such
heart-rending madness before
nothing about this felt normal
listening to her heave jinguang yao
silently crouched down and collected the
papers that had scattered to the floor
he then casually raised them to a
nine-layered lamp in the shape of a
lotus and set them alight letting them
burn
i mean granted
that's not like the best look in terms
of
believing that jinguan yao is just like
innocent but hello a nine-layered lamp
in the shape of a lotus
can i get that
can i own that please that sounds
stupid gorgeous nine layers
in the shape of a lotus like i would
like to purchase this please
watching ashes drop bit by bit to the
ground he spoke sounding saddened
asu you and i have been husband and wife
for many years we have always had a
harmonious and respectful relationship
i know i've treated you very well as a
husband so your behavior right now
genuinely hurts me god we're back to the
douche bro indie music guy again
oh
god alexa play mad woman
taylor swift jesus
that's just so like
especially if you've seen the end time
to read this book before and you like
know what's in the letter
it's like that's so not
genuinely hurts you what kind of like
i get my brain locks up at that whole
just the present
anyway
it's like what do you mean that hurts me
it's like you're the one who's doing
things to
anyway
chinsu had nothing left within her
stomach to expel
she crouched on the ground on all fours
sobbing
it's true you've treated me well but i
i'd rather i'd never known you
no wonder that ever since
ever since
there was never
rather than do that you should have just
killed me
asu weren't we doing just fine before
you learned about this
oh my god i'll take gaslighting for five
hundred alex jin going a reason today
the day you found out is the only day
you felt such nausea and it's only
because the knowledge troubles you
which just goes to show
that it doesn't
really
matter
it didn't substantially affect you in
any other way
it's just your own mind
causing you grief
okay
chinsu shook her head her face ashen
tell me the truth
ah sang
how did a song
who's a song
that would be weird wondering to himself
jinguan yao was taken aback a song why
are you asking me this
don't you know already a song was
murdered and i've long since disposed of
his murderer to avenge him
why are you suddenly bringing him up now
i did know chinsu stated but now i'm
beginning to wonder whether everything i
know
is false this poor woman by the way
like a lot of characters get put through
a lot of [__]
so it's easy to like
forget some people
but this poor woman
can you imagine
being
married to jingling out and then
i
she did like nothing she existed as far
as i remember that's all she did
jinguan yao seemed tired
asu what are you thinking
a song was my son
what do you think i would do you would
rather trust someone who hides their
head and tail a letter of unknown
origins
than me
chinsu was crumbling she pulled out her
own hair and screamed it's precisely
because he was your son that it
terrifies me
what do i think you would do if you can
even if you can do even that what
wouldn't you do and you still want me to
trust you god
no one likes a mad woman
you made her like that okay it's fine
stop letting your mind it's actually
it's really not fine i'm really gonna
have to listen to mad woman by taylor
swift after this
stop letting your mind run wild jinguan
yao pleaded tell me who did you see
today and who gave you this letter
chinsu pulled out her hair again
what
are you going to do
if that person can tell you they can
tell others if they can write one letter
they can write a second a third
what are you going to do let this be
exposed
ah sue i'm begging you no matter the
circumstances no matter the reasons just
tell me where the author of that letter
is
who told you to come back here and read
that letter
who is it weiwoo shan also really wanted
to hear chintzy say the name
someone who could approach the
cultivation chiefs madam someone she'd
trust someone who had uncovered some
unspeakable secret of jinguan yao's
whatever was in the letter definitely
wasn't any simple crime of murder or
arson it had disgusted or horrified
shinsu to the point of vomiting
even though only the two of them were
present she still couldn't bring herself
to speak it aloud their discussion was
vague and disjointed without a single
clear word passing between them
but if chinsu really did give up the
name of the letter sender then she would
be foolish indeed if she gave up the
name not only would jing guan yao
dispose of that person but he would seal
chinsu's own mouth at all costs
thankfully while chinsu had been naive
and ignorant of the world since she was
a child since she was a child
and even a little foolish at times she
no longer trusted jinguang yao
he sat poised and upright by the table
and she stared at him with empty eyes
the chief cultivator who stood above
millions her husband he was still calm
and collected in the candle light his
face like a portrait
he rose to his feet moving to help her
up but shinsu violently slapped his hand
away and then fell back to the floor
helplessly overtaken by another violent
bout of dry heaving
jinguana's brows twitched
am i really that disgusting
you're not a man
you're a madman chintzu cried
jinguan yao's eyes were filled with
grief stricken tenderness
ah sue i really had no other choice
i wanted to lie to you for the rest of
your life to keep you in the dark but
that hope has been thoroughly dashed by
the one who told you this today
you think me filthy you think me
disgusting that's fine but if this gets
out you are my wife
what would others say
what would they think of you
i'm about to start dry heaving at this
point
i i that threw me so hard i lost my
place there we are
chinsu clutched her head stop talking
don't say anymore stop reminding me i
wish i never knew you i wish i had
nothing to do with you why did you draw
so close to me back then
after some silence jinguang yeah replied
i know you won't believe anything i say
now but
back then
my heart was true
chincy sobbed you're still trying to
sweet talk me
what i said is the truth jinguang yao
stated i will always remember that you
never said a single bad word about my
background or my mother
oh actually actually that some [__]
genuineness may have slipped through
now that we're
i've again so thrown that i lost my yeah
okay i am i am thankful for you and will
be for my whole life
i wanted to respect you cherish you and
love you but you have to know
even if no one murdered a song he still
had to die
his only path was death if we allowed
him to grow up
you and i
with the subject of her son being raised
chinsu could no longer endure this okay
hang on though um
this speaks this speaks to
yao's psyche in a very specific way
that i don't think they touched on in
the show
in terms of like
why he would ignore this thing
to
go ahead and marry her anyway
and
i believe it's pretty
clearly illustrated granted not
something he would pick up on a first
reading but um pretty clearly
illustrated that it was like he was
so
unbelievably desperate
for someone
to treat
him his background and his mother
kindly
that
he could hand wave
what we're about to learn
and given
if you know everything given everything
we know
about mong yao
that tracks with his other
behavior
that type of
that fits
in a big way
so i uh
yeah
yeah and see he could have he could have
chosen any other lady but most people
almost everybody treats him like
absolute [__]
so he saw kindness
and knowing the full truth
didn't matter to him because he's very
he's he's
his
psychological state
is very very broken
in a very specific way
and i absolutely believe
i absolutely believe that he would do
that that he would ignore something like
that just because
that um
this this makes sense to me
she raised her hand to deal him a
resounding slap
then who caused all this what would you
not do for the sake of your position
jinguang yao didn't dodge and accepted
the slap a bright red handprint
surfacing on his spare cheek he closed
his eyes a moment later he said asu
you really won't tell me
shinsu shook her head
tell you so you can go kill them and
seal their mouths
what are you saying it looks like your
sudden illness has muddled your head
jinguen said
wow getting into the real grass sliding
now
father-in-law has departed for an oh i'm
pretty sure it's aesthetic
for an aesthetic cultivation retreat i
will send you to join him for a while so
you can recover while enjoying your
family's company
i could make a joke but
but let us finish this quickly there are
still many guests here not to mention a
symposium tomorrow
even now the guests in tomorrow's
symposium were still on his mind
yeah i believe that's the unfortunate
place that shinsu got caught
between
his desperate need and blindness
towards people
towards the real people rare people who
are genuinely nice to him
and
his
unbelievable ambition and need to attain
and maintain his position
you know who else [__] lands in that
crossfire
oh
my husband
also lands in that [__] i cannot
believe i cannot believe
i'm having a whole last moment right now
it's 404. we're gonna go ahead and take
a break i need to absorb that one
that one put me out i realize we're
still in the middle of a scene
but no no no no no no i need to uh
we gotta
yeah
and it's true no uh
no book spoilers
please
um
there's there's still
this is still spoilery territory because
i have seen the untamed and so
i know
most of you know everything about the
story and i don't know what's been
changed though
um
so uh
yeah
there it there's spoilers but there's
not spoilers
it's kind of a weird
weird place to be in
my apologies
but okay we're going to
we're gonna we're gonna take a break
after that realization we're at page
264.
um
i'm going to go ahead and use this very
short break to
escape for a second and go find
eddie and put some water in him
because i am now officially
uh thirsty
so
one quick second you get to look at um
my lovely jinx chair while i
escape to get eddie who i really should
have had when i started the thing um
i s said it before but i will say it
again hang on we are on
page 264.
[Music]
somewhere in the middle of this
paragraph is when i lost my [__]
uh
basically towards the top i'll recap
this when we start up again um towards
the top uh what are you saying is the
line we're on
264. okay
stare at the chair for hopefully no
longer than 30 seconds
while i go get water
yeah
okay
i couldn't find eddie immediately so
it's uh lanjan actually
for today oh i have nothing
soft
to set him on so you don't hear it every
time i set down
a mug one second
okay that's good enough
are we feeling how we doing i'm still
processing frankly
that whole
parallel between
shin tsu and um
xi chen
wow
i hear that it's not as
pronounced
in the book
possibly
but i'm really wondering how you don't
lean into that because that's a genius
little bit of but that might be just me
anyway
yeah elena i i imagine that most of them
would be romance most of the book
spoilers
are uh romance related since you know
that was
pr probably
no definitely the biggest aspect that
was
censored from
book to show because china
let's see we'll just sit here
for another minute
it's also kind of an intense scene as
well especially when you have like no
idea what's going on i remember this
scene in the show
it was really good like whenever aside
from structure differences when they're
when there is a scene
from the book
in the show
and there's a punch there's a ton
they are
pretty overwhelmingly faithful
i feel like they're way more faithful
than um
most people
would even bother
being
especially in america
actually
maybe that's just an american
creative thing
where um
you know you're adapting something and
so you don't really
so you feel like you don't really have
to pay attention to the source material
all that much
yeah
i once saw the most
horrifying
writing advice
about adaptations
that i
haven't forgotten it to this day and i
swear i saw it like 10 years ago or some
[__]
somebody actually this was a legitimate
thing that they put together
about how to adapt
um
something into
a novel novel form because you know that
happens with movies a lot actually
novelizations
are released but those are slightly
different as those are supposed to
adhere
um
to everything that happens in the movie
but this was for adaptations
and the guy was actually like
like okay so you take
the 10
most important
you know scenes
10 biggest scenes
throughout
the thing whatever your
whatever you're adapting
you take the 10 most important scenes
and you keep those
and then you do whatever you want
like the idea kind of being that as long
as you have those 10 core scenes
it will therefore like check the box on
being a faithful adapter that's the only
thing i've been able to think of
because like just that general
approach
is horrifying and i was like if anybody
at the professional level takes this
advice that explains a whole lot of
adaptations
in america
and why
they're not great
you know what's funny
they did have 50 episodes
um to pull it up to put it all
to put the story all in there to get it
all in there
which is
great but they also still needed more
i mean maybe if i wanted to like you
could go in and rearrange and try to
create
more room for like the ye city arc which
probably deserves at least another two
episodes
um
at the very least one
but really like another two whole
episodes
um
but they still needed
a little bit more time
i feel like
maybe like 55
off the top of my head granted obviously
i haven't finished the book yet so
that's just a very loose presumption
but um
yeah see what kind of writing advice is
that i know you take the 10 core scenes
and then you can like do whatever
because you're functioning off of the t
it made me so mad
as both a writer and a fan of things and
i love a good adaptation
in any direction book to movie movie to
book graphic novel to book or movie
whatever um i love a good adaptation and
that was the ex
the almost the exact wrong thing
to say i think the only thing worse
would have been ah just as long as you
have kind of like the essence
or the vibes
of the original then you can kind of do
whatever you want it's whatever it's an
adaptation like that is like the worst
advice
that 10 scene thing is pretty close to
that though
you know what's funny i read
um
rose is talking about this why a book
called blood and chocolate
a
werewolf thing not a vampire thing there
was a book
by the same author
that was the vampire thing
i can't remember the name of it but i
really liked that one
i read
blood and chocolate as well though
because i really like the author and i
remember
when i started seeing hype for like the
movie adaptation and i was like
what is this
why what is this
just adaptations in general in america
have a whole
thing
i should probably listen to the
soundtracks again after i finish
finish the book i mean i should probably
listen to soundtracks again anyway
i mean they're it's it's unbelievably
good
did
inela confirm this for me please
um was the whole
you know the untamed was originally
going to have wei ying hook up with wen
chang
was that an actual thing that we got
confirmed
or
did a
vaguely
close looking like promo still get
released
and then everyone jumped to conclusions
and the show had to come out and be like
no we're not doing that
because it could go either way i feel
yeah see i thought it was
i thought it was um
okay there was also some actual
[Music]
leaked footage
that implied it okay
well yeah now i mean color me is
disappointed not surprised about people
therefore attacking wen ching's actress
for something that could not possibly be
any further out of her control
um
that's not surprising that is sad
and that is
infuriating but not surprising at all
okay we've actually wound up taking a
longer break than i intended but
i needed a breather all right
okay once again we're towards the top of
264.
let me get because i keep wanting to
mess with it i'm gonna put the bookmark
way over there
okay
what are you saying it looks like your
sudden illness has muddled your head
ginguanyo said
father-in-law has departed for an
aesthetic cultivation retreat i will
send you to join him for a while so you
can recover while enjoying your family's
company
but let us finish this quickly there are
still many guests here not to mention a
symposium tomorrow
even now the guests in tomorrow's
symposium were still on his mind
though his lips said he would send
shinsu away for rest and recuperation
his hands were ignoring her pushes and
blows and refusal as he helped her to
her feet
he did something and she instantly fell
limp
he then calmly and unhurriedly
half-carried half-hauled his wife behind
the layers of gauze curtains
paperman way tiptoed out from underneath
the table and followed them he saw
jinguang yao place his palm on a giant
bronze floor mirror a moment later his
fingers actually plunged into the
surface of the mirror like it was water
chinsu's eyes widened still in tears she
watched helplessly unable to speak or
shout as her husband dragged her into
the mirror
weiwou shan knew only jinguang yeah
himself could open this mirror
never one to let an opportunity slip by
he roughly calculated the timing and
darted in after them
behind the bronze mirror was a secret
chamber once jing yao entered the lamps
on the wall lit automatically fainting
faintly illuminating the mini lattice
shelves stacked with treasures
upon the shells were stacks of books
scrolls gems weapons and even several
torture devices black iron rings sharp
barb silver hooks of peculiar make
the site alone was morbid
way washington knew these were mostly
designed by jingong yao
the leader of the one clan of kishen who
the leader of the wen clan of chichen
when rohan was unpredictable in temper
and bloodthirsty to boot
he liked to torture people for pleasure
and jinguan yao had once catered to this
interest interest of his by crafting all
manner of cruel and interesting torture
devices
it was how he'd managed to earn win
rohan's favor gradually climbing higher
until he became a trusted aide
any cultivation clan had two or three
secret treasure rooms it wasn't unusual
for frankfurt's palance for fragrance
palace wow to have such a chamber
aside from a desk the room also had a
long cold black iron table large enough
for a person to lie upon
there were residual dried black blotches
on its surface
that table would be perfect for
butchering someone wei wushan thought
jingoing yao gently helped chinsu to
this table and laid her down chinsu's
face was drained of life
jingling out combed back her slightly
musked hair
don't be scared he coaxed
you shouldn't be running about in such a
state the crowds will only grow over the
next few days so rest here for now
you can join us as soon as you tell me
who that person is
nod your head if you're willing to speak
with your husband i didn't seal every
meridian in your body so you can still
nod
chintzy's eyes rolled toward her still
gentle and considerate husband
those eyes were filled with terror pain
and despair
just then wei wushan suddenly noticed a
lattice shelf that was blocked off by a
drape
the drape which had blood red savage
looking spells drawn upon it completely
covered the shelf
it was an incredibly powerful
domineering array meant to seal
something
the paper effigy clung to the foot of
the wall and slowly climbed at an
agonizing pace a centimeter at a time
at the other end of the room jinguang
yao was still gently pleading with
shinsu
abruptly like he had sensed something he
whirled his head back an alarm
there was no one but him and shinsu
inside this secret chamber he rose to
his feet and carefully scrutinized his
surroundings only returning when he saw
nothing out of place
of course he couldn't have known that
when he turned his head waywu shan had
just reached a shelf holding a shelf
holding books
the moment he detected movement from
jinguang yao he swiftly squeezed his
thin body between the pages of a book
and lay flat against them like a
bookmark his eyes firmly pressed to the
paper
thankfully jing wang yao was abnormally
abnormally vigilant but not enough so
that he'd flip through books to see if
there was anyone hiding inside
is there a paper sham bookmark
asking for a friend
all of a sudden wei wushan thought the
words he was looking at seemed quite
familiar he stared hard for a long while
then cursed under his breath
how could it not be familiar it was his
own writing
zhang feng min's comments on his writing
were frivolously scribbled but with a
certain elegance of character
mxtx has just
got to stop effortlessly summarizing way
we shan as a whole ass character
i do have a paper shan keychain jessica
thank you for pointing that out
it was given to me by someone delightful
actually it's right here
right next to uh jack skellington
yeah
he's here i have him
he's lovely oh he's backwards
there we go
i have no idea what that did to y'all's
uh ears
this was most definitely his writing way
we shannon examined it further and
discerned a few bits and pieces between
all the damaged and smeared spots
different from possession
revenge force contract
he could finally be certain this book he
had squeezed himself into was one of his
own manuscripts an essay on the
forbidden magic of possession
he'd scouted everywhere for sources and
organized his findings into a
dissertation along with his own added
extrapolations
he had written plenty of these
manuscripts back then all penned on a
whim and tossed aside just as easily
penned on a whim yet he'd scouted
everywhere for sources and organized his
findings into a dissertation along with
his own added extrapolations but he did
it all on a whim and was just like eh
after the
this
man
all pinned on a woman tossed aside just
as easily scattered all around the cave
where he slept in the yielding burial
mounds
some of these manuscripts had been
destroyed in the fires during the siege
while others were treated like his sword
had been taken as spoils of victory and
hidden away
he'd wondered where moshe and you had
learned such forbidden magic
now he knew
never in a million years would jing
guang yao have allowed unimportant
people to glimpse the remains of a
manuscript on forbidden magic
it seemed that even if jinguang yao and
moshuan you weren't in that kind of a
relationship what they shared was
definitely not too different
as he was thinking this jinguang yam's
voice came asu my time is up i have to
go host to the event now i'll come and
see you after
wavy shan had already twisted himself
bit by bit out of the stack of his own
manuscripts at the sound of jinguang
air's voice he rapidly stuffed himself
back
this time what he saw wasn't a
manuscript but
a property deed and a land deed
he thought this mightily strange what
was so special about property and land
deeds that they should be shelved next
to the yelling patriarchs manuscripts
yet no matter how he looked they were
indeed two entirely ordinary deeds
written up correctly with no ciphers or
codes
the sheets were yellowing on the edges
and even ink stained
he still didn't believe jinguano had
casually placed them here so he
memorized the address which was located
in yangping city of yangmang
if he had a chance to visit in the
future maybe he'd unearthed something
there
only after there had been no sounds
outside for a while did wee wu chan
continue to crawl upward still clinging
clinging to the wall
he finally made it to the lattice that
was sealed behind the drape but before
he could see what exactly was behind it
light suddenly poured in
jinguan yao had come over and lifted the
drapes
in that instant weiwushan thought he had
been discovered
however once the faint fire light
permeated through the drapes he
discovered he was shrouded in a shadow
there was something round in front of
him that just so happened to block him
from view
jinguen stood there rooted in place and
seemed to be staring at something placed
in in this lattice
it was a good moment before he asked
was it you watching me earlier
of course there was no response
after a moment of silence jinguang yao
lowered the drapes
waywuchen soundlessly clung to the
object which was cold and hard like a
helmet
when he circled to the front he saw a
ghastly pale face
just as he'd expected
the one who placed the seal on this head
wanted it to be unseeing unhearing and
unspeaking
thus the skin of the pale ghastly face
was scrawled densely with spells firmly
sealing the eyes ears and mouth
i've heard much about you chi fung joon
wei washing greeted solemnly in his head
as expected the last of nii ming zhu's
barty body parts the head
was here
with jinguan yao
niming zhu the fiery tempered chuffing
jean who seemed so invincible in the
sunshot campaign of years past was now
heavily sealed up in this dark gloomy
and cramped secret chamber never to see
the light of day
way wishing had only to unravel the seal
and the rest of chief and jun's corpse
would sense it and come seeking it on
his own on its own he scrutinized the
seal on the helmet for a moment just as
he was thinking about how to go about
removing it and an unusually strong
force sucked him forward powerfully
yanking his light paper body against
neiman's u's forehead
oh oh this
breaks into part two of chapter 10.
we are at the very top of page 269.
at the other end of golden carp tower
lan wang ji gazed at weibu shan as he
sat beside him
he watched for a while then his fingers
twitched and with lowered lashes he
raised
a hand to lightly touch his own lips
uh-huh
meanwhile back at the gay ranch
very very lightly just like the paper
paper effigy had bumped into them
earlier
all of a sudden both of wei wushan's
hands clenched in
into tight fists sorry they've got me
they'll just be coming out of nowhere
with it today
len wong she's attention focused
he took him into his arms and lifted his
face weirshan's eyes were still closed
but deep creases were starting to form
between his brows
in the secret chamber weiwoshan had no
time to react at all those who died
filled with intense resentment
ceaselessly radiated that resentment and
hatred from their corpses infecting
others with negative energy to appease
their rage the phenomenon was the cause
of many hauntings in fact it was also
the principle on which the technique of
empathy worked
the physical body was a line of defense
for the soul if waybashan had been in
his physical body right now the
resentful energy could not have infected
him against his will but given that he
was presently possessing a flimsy piece
of paper his defenses were greatly and
unavoidably diminished furthermore he
was too close to naming you and the
force of the man's resentment was too
powerful to resist in a brief moment of
carelessness it had affected him
the thought oh no
had barely registered in his mind when
the next second he caught the scent of
blood
it had been many years since he'd last
been surrounded by such a thick stench
of it something in his bones awakened
clamoured started boiling
as soon as he opened his eyes there was
the flash of a blade a splash of blood
ahead flying through the air and the
sight of its fallen body toppling over
emblazoned on the back of the beheaded
man's family uniform was a blazing sun
waywushan watched himself sheath his
blade as a deep voice came from his
mouth
collect the head and hang it where the
wendogs can see
someone behind him answered
yes sir
way wishing knew who the beheaded man
was now it was when shu the eldest son
of wen rohan the head of the wen clan of
chichen
he'd been ambushed and killed by ning
ming zhu and ahu hejian
severed by one slash of ning minju's
saber when shu's head was put on display
before the one clan cultivator's
formation as a show of might
his body on the other hand was cut to
pieces and crushed into mangled meat
this bloody paste was then used by
enraged knee clan cultivators to paint
the ground of the battlefield red
[__]
niminzu swept the barest glance over the
corpse on the ground and kicked it away
with his hand pressing down on the hilt
of his blade he slowly surveyed his
surroundings
chi feng jun was a very tall man when
wilbu shan had a session of empathy with
au-ching his field division was quite
low now it was much higher than his
usual line of sight a scan of the area
revealed countless casualties some wore
the blazing sun when clan robes while
others had the beast head family
insignia of the knee clan of ching-yi on
their backs
there were also some without a family
emblem at all each of these accounted
for around 30
of the bloody total
it was a tragic scene to behold the
stench of blood reeking to the high
heavens
he swept his eyes across the area then
strode forward except to check if there
were any cultivators of the one clan
still breathing
suddenly a strange clang rang out from a
nearby tile roofed house ning mingju
brandished his saber and the ensuing
wind from his blades swiftly swept over
to cleave open the house's simple door
exposing the terrified mother and
daughter hiding inside
the house was dilapidated and bare with
nowhere else to hide themselves the
mother and daughter huddled under the
table in each other's arms
not daring to breathe too hard the young
mother's round wide eyes reflected
neeming shoes blood-soaked murderous
appearance and her tears began to flow
the girl in her arms frozen fear her
mouth a gape
ningming jews tightly for her brows
relaxed on seeing they were ordinary
people like commoners who had not fled
in time when the battle broke out a
subordinate came up behind him not
knowing what was going on he addressed
him
sect leader
all the mother and daughter knew was
that a bunch of cultivator factions had
swarmed in out of nowhere and started
killing each other all while all while
they were just trying to live their
ordinary lives
they didn't know who the good guys were
or who were the villains the sight of
sabers and swords alone was enough to
terrify them into assuming they were
surely going to die
they looked more and more terror
stricken with each passing moment
nie mingzhuk has to glance at them and
reigned in his murderous aura
everything's all right he answered
he lowered the hand that grasped his
blade and strode to the side of the
battlefield to steady steps the young
married woman instantly slumped to the
ground with her daughter in her arms
after a moment she could not help but
weep in a small desperate voice
after walking a few steps naming zhu
suddenly halted in his tracks to ask if
to ask something of the subordinate
behind him
the real personnel who was last to leave
during the previous battlefield cleanup
who was he
that subordinate gave a slight start and
then answered the one who was last to
leave i
don't really remember
tell me when you do ningxia said with a
frown he continued on his way while that
particular subordinate hurried to ask
the others milling around not long later
he caught up to ningxia
sect leader i've asked around and the
rear personnel who was the last to leave
during cleanup on the previous
battlefield is known as
mung yao
ni ming zhu raised his brows at hearing
this name as if astonished
way wushan knew why
before jing guangyao was acknowledged by
the jin clan he used his mother's
surname going by the name of mungyao
this was no secret indeed that name had
once been just as famous
although not many personally witnessed
jinguan yao's first time ascending the
golden carp tower the same tower he
would one day climb to the very peak of
as the all-powerful
lamphong joon
the rumors around the event were
extremely detailed
jingoing yao's mother was a famous
courtesan in young mong renowned for her
talent in the fine arts
it was said she was skilled at the
guchin and in calligraphy and she was
well educated with a good head on her
shoulders though not from a renowned
family she still far surpassed the
ladies of said families
even so in the mouths of others a
prostitute was still a prostitute
jinguang sean occasionally passed
through young mung and naturally he
couldn't miss the famous prostitute he
was the talk of the town back then
after several days spent dallying with
her he gave her a love token and
departed sated
and content
of course once he made it back home he
forgot all about the woman with whom he
had rolled about just as he had
countless times before am i right guys
oh we're back to dry heaving
moshe and you and his mother could be
considered favored by comparison
at least jinguang shine had remembered
at some point that he'd sired a son and
summoned him to golden carp tower menyow
was not so lucky the son of a prostitute
could hardly be compared
compared to the descendant of a decent
family and so lady mong bore jinguang
chun sun all by her lonesome
like second lady mo she waited and
waited yearning and hoping for this head
of the cultivate cultivators to return
and take her and their child away
she devoted her heart and soul to
preparing mangyao for his future
in a cultivation sect
another key sentence
about mangyao
that is
absolutely key
to his entire existence and
everything he does
but even as the boy became a youth there
was still no news from that father of
his
lady mong however fell critically ill
before she breathed her last she gave
her son the love token jinguencheng left
her telling him to head for golden carp
tower and seek away out of this life
thus mangyao packed his things and set
off from yeongmang he trekked across
mountains and rivers before finally
arriving at lan lang approaching the
foot of golden carp tower
he was stopped at the entrance so he
took out the love token and asked them
to notify jinguang shannon of his
arrival
the love token jinguenchang had left was
a pearl button which was nothing special
to the jinglan and lan lang
they were so abundant in fact that you
could fling out a
fling out a hand at random and come away
with a fistful
their most common use was to be given as
gifts to the beautiful women jinguan
chung dallied with when away from home
he would pass these pretty little
bobbles off his rare treasures and top
them off with a pledge of undying and
eternal love
he gave them out as he pleased and
forgot all about them after the fact
the timing of menya's arrival was truly
unfortunate
it happened to be jin zichuan's ooh
that's not the right way you say that
uh birthday and jing guangshon and madam
jin were hosting a banquet to celebrate
their precious son with many family
members present
six hours later when evening came they
set out together to release lanterns
with their prayers for for blessings
that was when the servants saw an
opening to step forward and inform them
when madam jin saw the pearl button she
recalled all of jinguang shen's past
indiscretions
her face immediately darkened
jinguang hurriedly crushed the pearl to
dust and rebuked the servant loudly
instructing him to chase off the person
so they wouldn't bump into him when they
stepped out to release the lanterns
and thus mungyao was kicked off golden
carp
tower
rolling from the topmost stair to the
bottommost one
as the story went he said nothing after
he climbed to his feet he simply wiped
the blood from his forehead patted the
dust from his body and left with his bag
on his back
after the sunshot campaign began manyao
joined a sect under the banner of the
knee clan of chingya
hang on before we continue so
this could very well be me
i may have just you know missed this
but aside from
you know manyao being
rejected by his dad and therefore kicked
off of
you know carp tower
um
it's like i got like that
but
everything else was either i guess
implied or never really established that
kind of thing
it wasn't
specified so much
now granted this is a big show with like
a lot of details
and i've seen it twice
so
very good odds especially with my brain
being the way it is that it's there i'm
just forgetting it
um
but yeah no
wanington's bunny yeah uh
the stairs of court tower are indeed
iconic
i named my untamed side blog that for
very different reasons
and hadn't remembered those stairs at
all in this context
when when when i did that
but um there is indeed a double meaning
there that i didn't necessarily intend
but it's nonetheless there
the knee clan cultivators under
niemingzu's command as well as the root
recruited rogue cultivators were
stationed across several locations one
of which was located in a nameless
mountain range in
hejian
that's wrong i'm so sorry i'm a filthy
american
nimingju hiked up the mountain on foot
but before he could get close to camp he
saw a youth in cloth robes leaving the
emerald forest a bamboo tube in hand
the youth seemed to have just returned
from retrieving water
moving with slightly tired steps he was
just about to enter the cave when he
suddenly stopped outside and listened
intently for a while
he seemed to be debating whether to go
in or not
eventually he silently walked off in
another direction bamboo tube and all
after walking for a distance he found a
spot at the side of the road and
squatted down he fished out a small
piece of dry white rations from the fold
of his robes and slowly ate it with
plain water
ningxia walked over to him the youth had
his head down as he ate his food but
found that a tall shadow had suddenly
enveloped him he looked up and
hastily tucked his rations away then
stood to greet him
sec leader knee
this youth stature was comparatively
small he was fair-faced with delicate
brows the very same gainfully lovable
face of jinguan yao
he had yet to be accepted by golden carp
tower at this time so he naturally
lacked the cinnabar mark on his forehead
niming zhu obviously had some
recollection of this face as he asked
manyao
i am menyo answered respectfully
why aren't you resting inside the cave
with the others naming you asked meow
opened his mouth but could only manage a
slightly awkward smile as if he did not
know what to say
at the sight of this naming zhu walked
past him and headed over to the cave
mongeau looked like he wanted to stop
him but did not dare
niminzu concealed the sound of his
approach so no one noticed even when he
was right outside the cave the people
inside were still having a merry time
chatting and
gossiping that's him no way jinguang
shan's son how could jingwen chen's son
slum it with the likes of us why doesn't
he go back and find his father all it
takes is one word from his father and he
wouldn't have to work like a dog
you think he doesn't want to didn't he
travel the land ling with that little
token all the way from yen hmong all
just to try to get his father to take
him in
bad decision jinguang sean's woman is a
formidable one
not to rub salt in the wound but
chinguanchang has sired so many children
he has at least a dozen bastard sons and
daughters out there but have you ever
seen him acknowledge a single one he's
just disgracing himself making a scene
like that
see this is why people shouldn't dream
about what's out of their league
who can he blame but himself for getting
tumbled bloody no one he asked for it
what a fool why would jinguine give a
damn about other sons when he has gin uh
[Music]
i think
what's more his mother was a [__] who
was bedded by thousands of men
hell knows who hell knows who's bastard
he really is the way i see it jingling
probably didn't dare acknowledge him
because he had doubts of his own nah
please i don't think he even remembers
having an encounter with the woman
now that i think about it i actually
like the idea of jingling son resigning
himself through his fade in fetching
water for us
okay it blipped for a second my bad
the stream
resigning my ass he's doing his best to
perform don't you see how hard he's
working running around all day doing
this and that he's so eager to please
hoping so hard to make a name for
himself so his father will be willing to
acknowledge him and take him back
fury blazed in ning mingju's chest so
searing that it's that it burned its way
into weibo shan's own
his hand pushed down on the hilt of his
saber mung yao hurriedly reached out to
stop him but didn't succeed the saber
was already drawn
a rock before the cave
a rock before the cave dropped to the
ground with a thunderous crash dozens of
cultivators who were sitting inside the
cave taking a break were so startled by
its collapse
that they sprang up and drew their
swords in unison
the bamboo drinking tubes that they were
holding in their hands fell to the
ground in a clattering chorus
without delay neiman's you bellowed
drinking water that others fetched for
you while spewing such malicious words
did you all pledge yourselves to my
command to gossip instead of slaying
those wendogs
a flurry of commotion broke out inside
the cave everyone knew
chiffon
chiffon june's peppermint the more they
tried to explain the more furious he
would get none of them were likely to
escape punishment today all they could
do is admit fault without putting up a
resistance and so
no one dared speak
naming you sneered but didn't enter the
cave he said to manyao come with me
he turned around and walked down the
mountain sure enough menyow followed
both of them walked for a distance but
mangyao's head hung lower and lower as
they went and his steps grew
increasingly heavy it was a long time
before he managed to speak
thank you sec leader knee
nieming zhu said a man stands upright
and moves with principle there's no need
for you to take that idol gossip to
heart
menyow nodded and answered yes sir
though he said that his face still
showed a hint of worry
neeming's you standing up for him today
would keep the cultivators in check for
a while but the men would definitely
take their frustrations out on him a
hundredfold in the future how could he
not worry
niming zhu however said the more those
fools talk behind your back the more you
have to prove yourself and render them
speechless i've seen you in battle
before
every time you were at the four and
every time you stayed until the end to
guide and settle the common people
you've done well keep it up
man yeah froze on hearing this praise
from him he lifted his head slightly
ning mingju continued your sword play is
very agile but not decisive enough you
still need practice
although hang on in terms of
foundational maniao things
it cannot
be overstated the importance of the more
those fools talk behind your back the
more you have to prove yourself and
render them speechless
i am appreciating how and to a degree we
get this in the show as well
um
how we really really get
the uh
the foundation and how all these things
uh
come together
to form
the mangyao
that is
formed
yeah
this was already an explicit
encouragement menyow hurriedly said
thank you sec leader knee for your
guidance
but weirshan understood that no amount
of practice would help jinguang yao
wasn't like the other clan juniors his
cultivation foundation was too poor for
him to scale new heights he could only
seek breadth of knowledge in his
cultivation not depth or proficiency
this was also why he sought to
consolidate the strengths of various
clans
and to learn the unique skills of each
leading him to once be denounced as a
thief of skills
jesus christ not a jack of all trades no
no a thief of skills
i mean
mangya's behavior in its entirety is by
no means excusable but boy
does mxtx make you
understand
how
someone like him comes to be
heisjin
was a key stronghold of the sun sunshot
campaign it was also niminzu's main
battleground an iron bastion that
straddled the western side of the
wengland's territory at shoshen leaving
them no choice but to invade east and
march south
the knee clan of chingyo was the one and
the wen clan of chichen had old grudges
to begin with which they had previously
managed to hold back but when the war
broke out both sides burst into action
waging dozens of battles of varying
scale to the bitter end taking heavy
casualties each time
the commoners in hezian suffered as a
result and while the unscrupulous wayne
clan of jashan would stop at nothing to
win the knee clan of ching ha could not
do the same
yep that's the whole
that's the whole crux that's the whole
crux of good versus evil
evil can do whatever the [__] it wants
and good is beholden by certain rules
and regulations
but there are some you know rules and
regulations that we can
forsake if it means taking down evil
we just
won't do that i could go off on a whole
ass tangent right now but um
not gonna
under these circumstances manyao who
always went out of his way to clear the
battlefield and guide and reassure
commoners began to gain more and more
attention from neeming zhu
after a few such engagements niming zhu
directly promoted him to be at his side
as a deputy envoy
mangyao sees this opportunity reliably
executing the tasks he was given every
time
thus the jin thus the jinguang yao of
this period was not harshly lectured by
niming zhu but rather appreciated and
well regarded way wooshan had heard so
many jokes along the lines of lan fang
joon fled every time he heard chi fung
joon approach that he found it surreal
to see meng yao getting along so easily
and harmoniously with nimingju
on this day the hejian battleground
welcomed a guest
during the sunshot campaign tales of the
heroic deeds of the three zun the three
june through june
um the three june we're told across the
land
chief aung jun niming zhu was the
invincible one who swept clean all the
lands he passed destroying all one dogs
in his path
zouan lanshi chen was different then
chiran was able to defend gusu once the
situation there stabilized so
lanshi-chan often ventured forth to
offer assistance and deliver the people
from despair and misery as well as
recover lost territory
during the sunshot campaign he snatched
countless lives from the jaws of death
on an innumerable number of occasions
as such people rejoiced at the sound of
his name as if his very existence was
the glimmer of hope a guarantee of their
survival don't think i missed the ship
name
i know i yeah i clocked it three june i
was like oh that's where it comes from
uh huh yeah no
i got it
every time lancian escorted cultivators
from other clans through hesyan
he would stop to rest using it as a sort
of transit station this time was no
different neiman's you personally led
him into a bright and spacious hall with
several other cultivators already
sitting at its head although
lanchi-chan's appearance was almost
identical to lan wong ji's wei wushan
could distinguish one from the other
with a single glance but when he saw his
face his heart couldn't help but skip a
beat i wonder how my body's holding up
he thought with this paper one being
assaulted by resentment will something
go awry with my physical body will anjan
notice that something's amiss
we are at the top of 280.
after a flip after a few pleasantries
mangyao who had been standing in
attention behind naming zhu came out to
serve tea to each of the guests
on the battlefield one person woo
totally just hit the mic
on the battlefield one person did the
work of six there was simply no room for
dedicated errand runners or maidservants
and so jinguan yao the deputy envoy took
the initiative to undertake all such
daily sundries
the cultivators were taken aback when
they got a clear look at his face each
reacting with different expressions
jinguang shan's amorous anecdotes had
always been a hot topic of conversation
and since mangyao had been a famous
laughingstock for a while a few of them
recognized him probably thinking the son
of a prostitute was perhaps unclean as
well these cultivators did not drink the
tea he served them with both hands
they accepted the teacups but then set
them aside looking ill and took out snow
white handkerchiefs to repeatedly scrub
the fingers that had just touched the
cups
nimingju was not a mindful person by
nature and did not notice way wushan on
the other hand caught a glimpse out of
the corner of his eyes mangyao continued
to serve the tea his smile unflagging as
if he hadn't seen it
when lancia accepted the tea he looked
up at him and smiled
thank you
he promptly lowered his head to take a
sip then continued his discussion with
niming zhu after having done so
the other cultivators felt somewhat
uncomfortable at the sight of this
nimingji was a serious man a few words
but even his expression would soften
when he was in lancian's presence
how i mean my husband has that effect on
people you know what i'm saying
like you can't i don't understand how
you could possibly be in the presence of
that man
and not just you know
just a little a little soft a little huh
you know
i might be projecting a little bit
onto that one
but i don't think i am
i'll stay the night at
i'll stay the night at ming juxiang's
hey
place and set off tomorrow
to meet up with wang ji lanshi chen
replied
where are you heading niming's you asked
jingling andrew chan answered
me means you frowned isn't jingling
still in the hands of the wendogs not
since two days ago lanchi-chen replied
it is now held by the jang clan of young
mung
one of the clan heads spoke up sec
leader knee may not be aware of this but
sec leader jiang of yangmung's influence
in the area is quite impressive now and
why wouldn't it be another person said
waywuchen can take on an army of a
million all by himself what does he have
to fear he doesn't need to kill himself
running around the way we do he's in
total control of that area what luck
someone else sensing his tone wasn't
quite quite right hurriedly added thank
goodness for zero
that's nonsense
and hang on june's assistants everywhere
if not for them who knows how many
prominent clans and innocent commoners
would meet their end at the hands of the
wendogs
your younger brother is there niminzu
asked len chen nodded he escorted some
men there earlier this month
your younger brother's cultivation level
is high niming zhu commented he alone is
enough so why are you still going
for some reason weibushan was happy to
hear him
praise len huangji
you've got a good eye there chifeng jun
for some reason for some unknowable
reason for some completely indiscernible
mysterious
unnamed
impossible to identify reason
jesus
it's embarrassing to speak of lan
chichen said with acai but after wang ji
arrived it seems he had an unpleasant
encounter with the way kung ji from the
jiang clan of yangmang i think i'd
better go take a look
ni ming zhu asked what happened
it seems it was because wei wushan's
methods were too dark and grotesque
someone said they got into an argument
apparently lan wong ji severely rebuked
wae wu shan something about him
demeaning corpses being cruel and
bloodthirsty losing sight of his nature
and whatnot but rumors at the battle of
zhang ling are spreading making way we
stand out to be a legend i'll have to
take a look for myself should the chants
arise
what this man recounted was actually one
of the better versions of the story the
exaggerated versions had him and
languanji fighting each other at the
same time they were killing when dogs on
the battlefield but in truth their
relationship at the time wasn't as
irreconcilable or antagonistic as the
rumors made them out to be
still they did have some minor unhappy
disagreements
at the time weiwi shan had been out
digging up graves every day then wang ji
never had anything good to say about
this and even actively tried to stop him
something something harming the body and
mind is not the right path and so forth
since they were clashing with the
wendogs every few days either by staging
ambushes or meeting them head-on tempers
ran hot all the time and they often
parted on bad terms it all felt like a
lifetime ago as way we shouldn't listen
to the others discuss this
not as if he suddenly remembered it
really was a lifetime ago
ow
if you ask me there's no need for hang
one june to fuss so much someone else
said the living are already on the verge
of death who cares about the bodies of
the dead
yeah these are desperate times another
chimed in sec leader zhang is right who
can beat the wind dogs when it comes to
evil in any case he's on our side it's
all good as long as it's the one dogs
he's killing
that's not what you people said later
when you all join fois forces to kill me
way wushan thought god damn right
not long later lanchy chen rose with his
men and let mong yao lead them to the
rest area while niminzu returned to his
own room
he retrieved a long slender saber and
took it with him to find lancy chen but
before he got close he heard the two
talking inside the rest area
lan chichen said such a coincidence do
you think you joined ming zhuxiang's
command and became his deputy envoy
it's all thanks to chifing zhun's
appreciation and decision to promote me
mangy i said
ming xiuxiang has a personality that
blazes like fire lan
lan chen said with a smile
it cannot have been easy for you to earn
his appreciation and have him promote
you after a moment's pause he continued
recently sack leader jin of lan ling has
been having a difficult time holding the
line at lengie
they are currently recruiting talent
from all over
menya was slightly taken aback
it should be joey june right
closer
because the z is not a z in this
language
you mean
lancie chen said no need to sound so
cautious i remember you telling me how
you hoped to earn a place at the jing
clan of lan ling and win your father's
approval now that you have established
yourself under ming zhu shang's command
and had the opportunity to put your
talents to good use here does your old
wish still hold true
menyow seemed to hold his breath
yeah his brows knitting after a long
silence he answered yes
i imagined so
then chichen said but i'm already the
deputy envoy for sec leader knee mania
protested i owe him a debt of gratitude
for his recognition and appreciation
whether or not i still wish for it i
can't leave hajin
then chichen pondered this for a moment
indeed
even if you desire to leave it might be
difficult to broach the subject
but i trust that if you ask ming juxiang
will respect your wish your wishes
in the event he refuses to let you go
i can help persuade him a little
ming zhu suddenly spoke up why would i
refuse
he pushed the door open and entered the
room lan chichen and menya who sat
facing each other with solemn
expressions were surprised by his sudden
entry
mangyao jolted to his feet but before
you could say a word in english you give
an order sit
menyaow did not move
nimingzhu continued i'll write you a
letter of recommendation tomorrow
sec leader knee
manya said attention tentatively seeming
to you stated you can take this letter
to lengie and look for your father
men yao hurriedly said
sec leader knee if you heard all of that
then you should have also heard me say
i did not promote you because i wanted
you to repay my kindness naemingzhu
interrupted i merely think you are
capable and that your character is very
much to my liking which is why you
deserve this position if you genuinely
wish to repay me kill more of the wen
dogs of the battlefields
wow man yao really out here saying i'm
gonna destroy everything
i love
with one exception
well actually no
no that that's not even an exception
really
let's let's be honest
these words stumped the ever eloquent
mangao then she chen smiled you see i
told you ming jushung will respect your
choice
[Music]
he bowed his head i really don't know
what to say
ningxia sat down
don't say a word
he set the saber in his hand on the
table seeing this lan chichen smiled
hassan's saber
although he is safe at your home he
mustn't neglect his studies naming you
said
have someone supervise him when they're
free the next time we meet i want to
evaluate his saber techniques and
understanding of cultivation scripture
manche chen tucked the saber away in his
chancoon sleeve
hwasong was initially pleased to be
excused from training saying he left his
saber at home now he has no more reason
to slack off
come to think of it have the two of you
met before niminzu wondered yes i've met
joey june before
where when neeming you probed nancy chen
shook his head with a smile let's not
bring it up it's the greatest disgrace
of my life so please don't probe further
me just
why would you worry about losing face in
front of me any means you said men yeah
you you tell me the menya said since
joey is unwilling to say i cannot reveal
it
the three chatted talking business one
moment and making idle conversation the
next their men are more relaxed and
casual than it had been in the hall
earlier
way wishian kept wanting to weirshan one
kept wanting to butt in as he listened
but he couldn't so he let his thoughts
wander
their relationship isn't bad at all
right now why is lan jan so bad at
making conversation when jay would
choose this chatty
well it's okay it's fine if he keeps his
mouth shut since i already talk enough
for the two of us he can just listen and
acknowledge me with his mms
that's nice too what do you call that
again
i call that he lets his mind wander and
it goes straight to
[__] wang-ji
that's what that is
let's be honest it is past five holy
[__]
um
ah a few days later manyao left hajin
for langi with the letter of
recommendation from nie mingzhu
i believe
that's a good place to stop
at the bottom
of 285
bookmark
so that is where we are stopping for
today because holy crap it's 505. i
didn't notice the wife is um getting
some stuff done to our car today
so it's no wonder that she's
late quote unquote you know she usually
gets home at about 4 45 our time
but since we were able to go
for a while longer today
um
let's go ahead and say
for
thursday let's make it 2 30
instead of 3 p.m for thursday let's get
in an extra half an hour
and see
if we can finish
we're
gonna try
and i think we're gonna come close i
think an extra half an hour would do it
because we already came
plenty
plenty far today and we had about an
extra
20 minutes
something like that
so
it should be
it should be part of it part of it no we
should be able to finish it
wow i've been
reading and talking for the better part
of two hours
i
might be loopy
so
damn
i figured
that there was probably more
um
more stuff about more
scenes
with uh the three of them than there was
in the show
because
three june is a
one of the popular
ships in the fandom
and just going off of the show that
didn't entirely
[Music]
make much
sense but then at the same time i didn't
think much of it because over in the bbc
sherlock fandom there was very much a
thriving little community of um
oh my god one of my good friends
was a big fan of it for a long time
uh it obviously wasn't john locke it was
um
it shows how long it's been since i've
watched anything involving
sherlock holmes
anyway there was a um there was a
pairing in the bbc sherlock fandom
between two characters who like had
never actually met in the series but
there was like a thriving
little community for them
i mean
big so i do not put it past
fangirls
to just randomly associate two
characters and then just run
um
but at the same time i was like there's
still probably more
content of them in the book than there
is in the show
no no it wasn't moriarty and sherlock it
was it didn't involve sherlock at all it
was i
it's gonna bug me because i can see them
so clearly
hello
thank you minecraft and greg yeah
my strod yeah my stride yeah
um mycroft endlesstrod
it just it's a ship that just chugs
right along
and i think maybe they said like two
words to each other eventually in season
like three at some point
um
but it totally didn't matter
i mean it was a it was a thriving
little fandom not going on very much
and that's one of the beautiful things
about fandom and transformative works in
general is that
you don't need to have a reason or a
good reason or canon support or anything
like that you can just
make it the way you want to make it and
boy don't they
see see we got a maestro person
right in here two
ah there
it's so great
but anyway that's it
for the live stream today it was a long
one
and we'll start at 2 30 on thursday and
see if we can get volume 2 volume 2
volume 2 done this week
that would be cool
that would be awesome
uh so tuesday
2 30.
and thank you so much for watching i
hope you had a good time we wound up
learning a lot about mangyao today
a lot
almost well no we haven't learned too
much about him yet that comes later but
we will
so
until thursday
please remember
to take care of yourself
and i will see you
then
as the wife texts me
bye guys